{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\lang4105\b\f0\fs20 USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR ALPHAMOSAIK SHAREPOINT TRANSLATION MODULE\par
\b0\par
\b IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY:\b0  This AlphaMosaik End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual person or a single legal entity, who will be referred to in this EULA as "You") and AlphaMosaik Inc. for the AlphaMosaik software products that accompanies this EULA, including any associated media, printed materials and electronic documentation (the "Software Product").\par
\par
By installing, copying, downloading, accessing or otherwise using the Software PRODUCT, You agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA.\~ \b If You do not agree, do not install, access or use the Software Product.\b0\par
\par
\b IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A VALIDLY-LICENSED COPY, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO INSTALL, COPY OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND HAVE NO RIGHTS UNDER THIS EULA. \par
\b0\par
\b Software PRODUCT LICENSE\par
\b0 The Software Product is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. AlphaMosaik or its suppliers own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Software Product. AlphaMosaik reserves all rights not expressly granted to You in this EULA. The Software Product is licensed, not sold.\par
\par
\b 1.\~ GRANT OF LICENSE.\b0\~\~ This Section of the EULA describes Your general rights to install and use the Software Product The license rights described in this Section are subject to all other terms and conditions of this EULA.\par
\par
General License Grant to Install and Use Software Product.\~ You may install and use one copy of the Software Product on a single server running a validly licensed version of the multilingual module.\par
\par
Reproduction of the Software Product.\~ If You have multiple validly licensed copies of the software Product, You may reproduce, install and use one copy of the Software Product on each of Your servers that is running a validly licensed copy of the module, provided that you use such additional copies of the Software Product in accordance with the term and conditions herein.\par
\b\par
2.\~\~ DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS. \par
\b0\par
\b Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.\b0  You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software Product, including any codecs or protocols associated with the Software Product, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. \par
\par
\b Trademarks.\b0\~ This EULA does not grant You any rights in connection with any trademarks or service marks of AlphaMosaik.\par
\par
\b No rental, leasing or commercial hosting.\b0  You may not rent, lease, lend or provide commercial hosting services to third parties with the Software Product.\par
\par
\b Support Services.\b0\~ AlphaMosaik may provide You with support services related to the Software Product ("Support Services"). Use of Support Services is governed by the AlphaMosaik policies and programs described in the AlphaMosaik-provided materials. Any supplemental software code provided to You as part of the Support Services are considered part of the Software Product and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. You acknowledge and agree that AlphaMosaik may use technical information You provide to AlphaMosaik as part of the Support Services for its business purposes, including for product support and development. AlphaMosaik will not utilize such technical information in a form that personally identifies You.\par
\par
\b Termination.\b0  Without prejudice to any other rights, AlphaMosaik may terminate this EULA if You fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, You must destroy all copies of the Software Product and all of its component parts. \par
\par
\b 3.\~\~ INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.\b0  All title and intellectual property rights in and to the Software Product (including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets" incorporated into the Software Product), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the Software Product are owned by AlphaMosaik or its suppliers. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content that is not contained in the Software Product, but may be accessed through use of the Software Product, is the property of the respective content owners and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.\~ This EULA grants You no rights to use such content.\~ If this Software Product contains documentation that is provided only in electronic form, you may print one copy of such electronic documentation.\~ You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the Software Product.\~ \par
\par
\b 4.\~\~ EXPORT RESTRICTIONS\b0 .\~ You acknowledge that the Software Product is subject to Canadian export jurisdiction.\~ You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software Product.\par
\par
\b 5.\~\~ APPLICABLE LAW.\b0\~ If you acquired this Software Product in Canada, unless expressly prohibited by local law, this EULA is governed by the laws in force in the Province of Quebec, Canada; and, in respect of any dispute which may arise hereunder, you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and provincial courts sitting in Montreal, Quebec.\~ If this Software Product was acquired outside Canada, then local law may apply.\par
\par
\b 6.\~ DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.\b0\~ to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, AlphaMosaik and its suppliers provide the SOFTWARE Product and support services (if any) AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, and hereby disclaim all other warranties and conditions, either express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any (if any) implied warranties, duties or conditions of merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy or completeness of responses, of results, of workmanlike effort, of lack of viruses, and of lack of negligence, all with regard to the SOFTWARE Product and the provision of or failure to provide support services.\~ ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE Product.\par
\par
\b 7.\~ EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES.\b0\~ TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL ALPHAMOSAIK OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF ALPHAMOSAIK OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF ALPHAMOSAIK OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
\par
\b 8.\~ LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES\b0 .\~ Notwithstanding any damages that you might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all damages referenced above and all direct or general damages), the entire liability of AlphaMosaik and any of its suppliers under any provision of this EULA and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing (except for any remedy of repair or replacement elected by AlphaMosaik with respect to any breach of the Limited Warranty) shall be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid by you for the SOFTWARE Product or CAD $5.00.\~ The foregoing limitations, exclusions and disclaimers apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.\par
\par
\b 9.\~ ENTIRE AGREEMENT.\b0\~ This EULA (including any addendum or amendment to this EULA which is included with the Software Product) is the entire agreement between you and AlphaMosaik relating to the Software Product and the support services (if any) and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and representations with respect to the Software Product or any other subject matter covered by this EULA.\~ To the extent the terms of any AlphaMosaik policies or programs for support services conflict with the terms of this EULA, the terms of this EULA shall control.\par
\pard\par
\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs20\par
}
 